Empty talk misleads the country and practical work rejuvenates the country . 
Forget one's ancestors by neglecting oneself . 
If it does not work , the government will not stand . 
The mirror reflects the image , so the past knows the present . 
Without ambition , nothing can be done under the sun . 
Achievement depends on merit . 
How can you correct a person if you are not right ? 
Stone can be broken , but not robbed ; Dan can be milled , but not robbed . 
Water can carry a boat and overturn it . 
A man who knows himself is a man who wins . 
Knowing what happens without passing the time is a failure . 
It's more important to operate on the top than to divide it into details on the bottom . 
The Big World , Li Yuan-based . 
The picture is in the bud , but not in the bud . 
,难遇易失 Opportunities are like gods , rare and easy to lose . 
Act in a way that defeats one's purpose . 
Lord ye who claimed to be fond of dragons was scared out of his wits when a real one appeared . 
If good law is established in the world , the world will be governed ; if good law is established in one country , the country will be governed . 
It is not difficult for the world to legislate , but difficult for the law to enforce . 
In order to benefit the people , it is not necessary to follow the old law ; in order to do things carefully , it is not necessary to follow the old way . 
Even a selfless heart and a sincere heart . 
Rule by County . 
The prime minister was born in the State Department and will soon be sent to the army . 
In order to achieve great achievements , people call it virtue . 
Ya Zhai lie listening to the raining rain , doubting the voice of the people . A small number of Cao county officials , one leaf a total love . 
Although the sparrow is small , it has five zang organs . 
It is difficult to make an official . 
Nothing is better than loyalty . 
The emperor is far away . 
To worry before the common people worries ; to enjoy only after the people can enjoy . 
Where the people are good , the people are evil . 
Shame on officials 
You can't have both fish and bear's paw . 
When the great way is followed , all under heaven will be equal . 
Unjust and rich and expensive , I am like a cloud . 
A gentleman is a metaphor for righteousness . 
Words must be done , but deeds must be done . 
Germany is not alone , there must be neighbors . 
No one can be trusted , nor can he know it . 
If you want to know straight , you must be a yardstick . 
SIASUN hates thousands of feet . 
Do not be good and small but not evil . 
He will teach the world , and his family must be his own . 
Do not use three masters to dispose of your family . 
The wind is easy to escape , and Chunhua is hard to return . 
Rule by virtue 
Duty-bound to defend the territory of one's country . 
If you want to stand , you must be upright . 
If we govern the world , we must first be public . 
The rich make up tens of thousands , while the poor eat the chaff . 
There are both upper and lower . 
Children do not catch fish , but do not shoot . 
Governing the country is constant and the interests of the people are the foundation . 
We must not suffer from widows and suffer from inequality . 
Expand the respect of the aged in one's family to that of other families ; expand the love of the young ones in one's family to that of other families . 
The more you know , the more you know . 
Poor people want to know that things are just as natural as they are . 
It is difficult to do without knowledge . 
He went to the mountains and asked the woodcutter . 
Poverty changes , change changes , and the general rule lasts . 



