Empty talk about mistakes , hard work . 
From the meager , countless ancestors . 
Let it not work , the political will not stand . 
The mirror is so shaped , the ancient things are known today . 
Unsuccessful , the world can't do anything . 
Work is accomplished , industry is broad . 
I am not right , I can be a good person . 
Stone can be broken , but not hard to win ; Dan can also grind , not to win . 
Water can also carry a boat . 
Self-awareness , self-victor . 
Knowing things without losing time . 
Fuck it up , and divide it into details . 
The world is big , Li Yuan-based . 
The picture is not sprouting , considering that there is no . 
The machine is like a god , it is difficult to lose . 
Nanbei Beibei . 
Ye Gong Haolong . 
If the law is good in the world , then the world will be ruled ; if the law is good in one country , then one country will be ruled . 
It’s not difficult to legislate in the world , but it’s hard to do it . 
If you don’t have to be a good person , you don’t have to follow the old days . 
Even the heart of selflessness , the heart of the bright and the bright . 
County rule , Tianxia . 
The prime minister started in the state department and was sent to the military . 
Great achievements , the people call their virtues . 
Hey Zhai is listening to the rain , and the suspect is the hardship of the people . Some Xiaowu Caozhou County , a total of one leaf and one leaf . 
Small but complete . 
The official is difficult , and the order is also . 
Goodness is greater than being loyal . 
Shan Gao Emperor . 
The world is full of worries and worries , and the world is happy and happy . 
The people's place is good , the people are evil . 
For the officials to avoid things . 
You can not have it both ways . 
The trip to the avenue is also the world . 
Unjust , rich and expensive , I am like a cloud . 
Gentleman Yu Yuyi . 
Words must be done , and things must be done . 
If you are not alone , you must have a neighbor . 
People do not believe , they do not know it . 
If you want to know straight , you must be a rope ; if you want to know the square , you must behave . 
Xinsong hates not a thousand feet , and the evil bamboo should be smashed . 
Don't be small and don't do it . Don't be evil . 
Will teach the world , must be their home , will be their own body . 
Do not use the three masters , waste the dead family . 
The pouring of the wind is easy , and it is difficult to return . 
Political and moral . 
Be responsible for the soil . 
If you want to stand up , you must be mindful . 
In the rule of the world , it must be public , and the public will be flat . 
The rich are tired and the poor are eating and drinking . 
There are upper ones , and there are others . 
The child does not catch the class , and does not stop . 
Governing the country is always the same , and the people are oriented . 
Do not suffer from unequalness and suffer from uneasiness . 
Little children . 
The more you know , the more you will do . 
Poor people want to know what the reason is and what they are . 
Unreasonable , difficult to do . 
Ask into the mountains and ask for fish . 
When the poor is changed , the change is passed , and the general rule is long . 
