Empty talk would lead the country astray , and hard work can rejuvenate the nation . 
Forget one's ancestors . 
No order , no government . 
The mirror is so shape-shaped , so the ancient things are known now . 
Nothing in the world can be accomplished without the will of the people . 
Work is accomplished with merit , but with a wide range of causes . 
If you are not right , how can you be right ? 
Stone can be broken , but not hard ; Dan can be ground , but not red . 
The water that bears the boat is the same that swallows it up . 
The self-knowledge is the British , the self-winner is the male . 
To know and not to fail for the time being . 
Do it at the top , and divide it into the next . 
The earth and the earth are large , and Li Yuan is the foundation . 
Pictures are not cute , but they are not . 
Opportunity is like God , difficult to encounter and easy to lose . 
o south by driving the chariot north -- act in a way that defeats one's purpose . 
Lord Ye professed to love dragons . 
When a good law is established in the world , the world governs ; a country governs a good law in a country . 
The world's affairs are not difficult to legislate , but the law is difficult to do . 
The interests of the people do not have to be legalistic , but they do not have to follow the past . 
With the most selfless heart , do the heart of justice and light . 
County governance , the world is safe . 
The prime minister starts from the state department , and the prime minister begins with the pawn . 
On a large scale , the people call it a virtue . 
Yu Zhai lies listening to Xiaoxiao rain , suspicion is folk pain . Some small Caozhou County officials , a leaf a total Guan . 
Although sparrows are small , they have all the viscera . 
He who is a victim of an official is ordered to do so . 
Good is better than loyalty . 
The mountain is high , the emperor far away -- it is difficult to get justice . 
Be concern about the country and the people before anything else . 
The place of the people is good , and the evil of the people . 
Be ashamed of being an official and avoiding things in oneundefineds life . 
Fish and bear paws canundefinedt be both . 
When Great Way was implemented , the world was shared by people . 
Unrighteousness and wealth and honour are like clouds to me . 
A gentleman is a good name . 
Words must be done , deeds must bear fruit . 
Without solitude , there must be neighbors . 
A man who has no faith knows not what he is . 
If you want to know flatness , you must rule ; if you want to know the circle , you must behave . 
Xinsong hate not high thousand feet , evil bamboo should be chopped ten thousand poles . 
Donundefinedt give up doing good even if it doesnundefinedt matter , donundefinedt do bad even if itundefineds not obvious . 
Will teach the world , certainly its home , will correct its body . 
Donundefinedt use the third Master , dismiss the family . 
It is easy to pour the wind , but difficult to return . 
exercising government by means of virtue . 
duty-bound to defend the territory of oneundefineds country . 
If you want to stand , you must stand with your heart . 
Governing the world will be the first public , the public is the world is calm . 
The rich are tired , but the poor eat bran . 
There are up and down , there is one , there is another . 
If you do not fish , you will not fly . 
Governing a country is common , but benefiting the people is the basis . 
We do not suffer from poverty but from inequality , nor do we suffer from poverty and uneasiness . 
Old and old , young and young . 
The more you know , the better you will act . 
The poor man wants to know why things are so natural . 
It is difficult not to know , but difficult to do . 
Go into the mountains to ask firewood , into the water to ask fish . 
The poor will change , the change will pass , and the general will be long . 
