Empty talk harms the country , while hard work makes it flourish . 
We must not underestimate ourselves and should cherish the best of our traditions and culture . 
If decrees are not obeyed , government affairs will be mismanaged . 
Looking at the mirror we know about ourselves ; reflecting on the past we know what to do now . 
Without resolve , one can accomplish nothing . 
Feats are accomplished by capable people ; work develops because of achievers . 
How can one correct others if he himself is not upright ? 
A rock can be smashed , but its pieces will still be hard ; cinnabar can be ground , but its powder will still be red . 
The same water that keeps a ship afloat can also sink it . 
Heroes are those who know themselves and can surpass themselves . 
You are bound to fail if you only know what to do but without knowing the situation . 
Leaders chart the course while the people get the job done . 
In a coutry , the people are the most inportant . 
Nip the problem in the bud when it is in the making ; prepare yourself for the risks yet to emrge . 
Opportunities are rare and hard to grasp , and easy to lose . 
A false path will lead us to the very opposite of what we are trying to accomplish . 
feign support instead of taking real ation . 
When the law of the land under heaven is good , there will be order in the land under heaven ; when the laws of the state are good , there will be order in the state . 
The greatest challenge for a country lies not in making laws , but in putting those laws into effect . 
If it is good for the people , there is no need to follow the practices of antiquity ; if it serves the matter at hand , there is no need to observe the conventions of old . 
Do honest and upright things justly , selflessly , and conscientiously . 
When the countries are governed , the country is at peace . 
Prime ministers must have served as local officials , and great generals must have risen from the ranks . 
Wang achieved remarkable results in governance and was widely praised by the people . 
When I hear the rustles of bamboo leaves ourside mu study , I feel it is the wails of hungry people ; for petty county officials like us , every concern of the people wights in our heart . 
It may be small , but it has everything needed . 
The most difficult office was that of a magistrate . 
The greatest virtue is none other than loyalty . 
In many coutries far away from the center , when higher-level supervision is distant . 
be the first to worry about state affairs and the last to enjoy yourselves . 
Choose to do the things that the people want to be done , and avoid doing things that the people disapprove of . 
Avoiding responsibilities is the greatest disgrace for an official . 
You cannot have your cake and eat it . 
When the Great Way rules , the land under Heaven belongs to the people . 
Fortune and riches obtained through unjust means are like floating clouds for me . 
A man of virtue has a good knowledge of vighteousness . 
Be true in word and resolute in deed . 
A man of high moral quality will never feel lonely . 
If a man does not keep his word , what is he good for ? 
Nothing can be accomplished without regulations and rules . 
Young pines should grow a thousand feet high , while poisoning bamboos should be cut down one by one . 
Do not consider any virtue as unimportant , and therefore neglect it ; do not consider any vice as trivial , and therefore practice it . 
He who would govern the country must first run his family well and discipline himself . 
Give close kin official posts and lose your job and ruin your family . 
It is easy for laxity to set in , and difficult for rigor to return . 
Governance by means of virtue . 
Responsibility for one's jurisdiction . 
To win , one must become resolute first . 
To govern the country , the priority is to realize equality , and then stability will follow . 
The huge gap between the rich and poor . 
Everything has its counterpart . 
The master fished with a line but not with a net ; when following he did not aim at a roosting bird . 
There are some fixed principles in governing a state , among which benefiting the people should be the root . 
He is not concerned lest his people should be poor , but only lest what they have should be ill-apportioned . He is not concerned lest they should be few , but only lest they should be divided against one another . 
Do reverence to the elders in your own family and extend it to those in other families ; show loving care to the young in your own family and extend it to those in other families . 
A clearer understanding of new concepts makes actions stronger and more targeted . 
When seeking knowledge , one must know why and how . 
It is not knowledge but action that is difficult to acquire . 
We should apply different methods to solve different issues . 
Limitations lead to change ; changes lead to solutions ; solutions lead to development . 
