Empty talk makes the country prosperous . 
Forget your ancestors . 
Make no good of it . 
The mirror is light , and the ancient events know the present . 
Nothing can be done if you do not set your mind on the world . 
Merit is what you do , and industry is what you do . 
How can you be upright if you are not right ? 
Stone can be broken , but not strong , Dan , can wear , but not win . 
Water can carry a boat and it can restore it . 
A man who knows himself , a man who wins . 
To know what is going on , but to fail at the moment . 
To be above and below . 
Li yuan is the foundation of the world . 
A picture is not seen , but a thought is not seen . 
A man of opportunity is like a God . 
Going south by driving the chariot north . 
Professed love of what one actually fears . 
To make good laws in the world , the world rule ; A good law is governed by one country . 
Things in the world are not difficult to legislate , but difficult to act . 
One does not have to follow a beaten path if he wishes to benefit the peoples ; you don’t have to stay the same . 
To act in a spirit of impartiality and integrity . 
County rule , the world is safe . 
The prime minister rises from the state department and sends a fierce attack on the state . 
The people call it virtue . 
I am afraid that the sound of the rain is the voice of the people . Some small county officials Can Zhou , a branch of a leaf is always concerned about the situation . 
The sparrow may be small but it has all the vital organs . 
The most important thing for an official is to make an order . 
Good is better than faithful . 
The mountains are high and the emperor is far away . 
To enjoy only after the people can enjoy . 
The good of the people , the evil of the people . 
Avoid trouble for an official . 
You can't have both the fish and the bear's paw . 
The road is open to the public . 
Unjust and rich and expensive , like clouds over me . 
A gentleman is a metaphor for righteousness . 
Keep what you say and carry out what you do . 
Virtue is not left to stand alone . He who practises it will have neighbors . 
A man without faith is not known . 
If you want to know how to be straight , you must be certain . If you want to know everything , you must behave . 
Xinsong hates not to be a thousand feet tall , and the evil bamboo should be beheaded . 
Don't fail to do good even if it's small ; don't engage in evil even if it's small . 
He who will teach the world must have his home and his body . 
Don't use the third Lord , you will lose your job and your family . 
It is easy to pour the wind , but it is hard to return it . 
Govern with the power of virtue . 
Keep one's ground . 
To stand , one must stand with one's heart . 
If you rule the world , you must rule first , while the public is equal . 
The rish are a great deal tired , the poor a great deal chaff . 
There are above and there are below , and so there are others . 
You can't catch fish , you can't shoot . 
The country is always run by the people , but the interests of the people are the foundation . 
There is no wealth but inequality , and there is no poverty but insecurity . 
Charity begins at home . 
The more you know , the more you do . 
A poor man whats to know what is and what is . 
It is difficult to do something without knowing it . 
Go into the mountains and ask about the fish . 
If you are poor , you will change ; if you are poor , you will change ; if you are poor , you will change . 
