Empty talk spoils the country . 
Self-abase , several classic forget ancestors . 
If it cannot be done , it will be politically impossible . 
That is why the mirror is shaped . 
Nothing is impossible to a willing heart . 
Success comes from success . 
He who does not do right will not do right . 
A stone may be broken , but not taken from its hold ; Dan may mill , but not rob . 
Water can carry a boat or overturn it . 
He who knows himself knows himself . 
To know what is right and not to do it at the right time is to fail . 
Hold its to want at top , and cent its detail at bottom . 
Li yuan is the origin of the universe . 
The picture is not cute , the worry is not . 
Opportunities are like gods . 
Ladies' . 
False respect . 
Establish a good law in the world , the world governance ; A good law in a country governs it . 
It is not difficult to legislate , but difficult to carry out the law . 
If the people do not need legalism , if the things in the week do not need to follow the old . 
As well as selfless heart , the heart of fairness and justice . 
County governance , world peace . 
Prime minister from the state department , will be issued at the pawn wu . 
The people call it virtue . 
ya zhai lying listening to drizzling rain , is suspected of civil suffering . Small me cao state county official , a leaf total close situation . 
The sparrow is as small as its wings . 
In the face of the crisis , it is imperative for the government to deal with it . 
Kindness is better than loyalty . 
The mountains are high and the emperor is far away . 
First the world of sorrow and sorrow , after the world of joy and joy . 
Where the people are good , the people are evil . 
He is ashamed to be an official . 
You cannot have your cake and eat it . 
Road trip , the world is public . 
Injustice and riches and riches are to me as clouds . 
A gentleman is a metaphor for righteousness . 
Deeds are what words are . 
Virtue is not isolated , there must be neighbors . 
It is impossible to know the man without faith . 
If you want to be straight , you must use a plumb line . If you want to know a square , you must behave yourself . 
Hsin song hate is not high thousand feet , the evil bamboo should be cut ten thousand rod . 
Do not do what is good but small , and do not do what is evil but small . 
Will teach the world , must be its home , will be its body . 
Don't use your third uncle . 
Pouring wind easy gradually , chun hua is difficult to return . 
Governing with . 
Between staying a duty . 
To be upright , one must be upright in heart . 
Rule the world , will first public , public world peace . 
The rich are tired , but the poor eat the chaff . 
There is up and there is down , there is this and there is that . 
Son fishing and not gang , never shoot night . 
Rule the country regularly and put the people first . 
Do not worry about less and uneven , do not worry about poverty and unrest . 
Old and old as well as the old , young and my young as well as the young . 
The more you know , the more you do . 
The unreasonable wants to know the reason why things are what they are . 
It is not difficult to know but difficult to do . 
He who enters the mountain asks the firewood , enters the water asks the fish . 
Poverty leads to change , change leads to prosperity , and prosperity leads to longevity . 
