空谈误国，实干兴邦	Empty talk misleads the country and practical work rejuvenates the country.
妄自菲薄、数典忘祖	Forget one's ancestors by neglecting oneself.
令之不行，政之不立	If it does not work, the government will not stand.
明镜所以照形，古事所以知今	The mirror reflects the image, so the past knows the present.
志不立，天下无可成之事	Without ambition, nothing can be done under the sun.
功以才成，业由才广	Achievement depends on merit.
己不正，焉能正人	How can you correct a person if you are not right?
石可破也，而不可夺坚；丹可磨也，而不可夺赤	Stone can be broken, but not robbed; Dan can be milled, but not robbed.
水能载舟亦能覆舟	Water can carry a boat and overturn it.
自知者英，自胜者雄	A man who knows himself is a man who wins.
知其事而不度其时则败	Knowing what happens without passing the time is a failure.
操其要于上，而分其详于下	It's more important to operate on the top than to divide it into details on the bottom.
天地之大，黎元为本	The Big World, Li Yuan-based.
图之于未萌，虑之于未有	The picture is in the bud, but not in the bud.
机者如神，难遇易失	Opportunities are like gods, rare and easy to lose.
南辕北辙	Act in a way that defeats one's purpose.
叶公好龙	Lord ye who claimed to be fond of dragons was scared out of his wits when a real one appeared.
立善法于天下，则天下治；立善法于一国，则一国治。	If good law is established in the world, the world will be governed; if good law is established in one country, the country will be governed.
天下之事，不难于立法，而难于法之必行	It is not difficult for the world to legislate, but difficult for the law to enforce.
苟利于民不必法古，苟周于事不必循旧	In order to benefit the people, it is not necessary to follow the old law; in order to do things carefully, it is not necessary to follow the old way.
以至公无私之心，行正大光明之心	Even a selfless heart and a sincere heart.
郡县治，天下安	 Rule by County.
宰相起于州部，猛将发于卒伍	The prime minister was born in the State Department and will soon be sent to the army.
治绩大举，民称其德	In order to achieve great achievements, people call it virtue.
衙斋卧听潇潇雨，疑是民间疾苦声。些小吾曹州县吏，一枝一叶总关情。	Ya Zhai lie listening to the raining rain, doubting the voice of the people. A small number of Cao county officials, one leaf a total love.
麻雀虽小，五脏俱全。	Although the sparrow is small, it has five zang organs.
官之至难者，令也。	It is difficult to make an official.
善莫大于作忠。	Nothing is better than loyalty.
山高皇帝远	The emperor is far away.
先天下之忧而忧，后天下之乐而乐。	To worry before the common people worries; to enjoy only after the people can enjoy.
民之所好好之，民之所恶恶之。	Where the people are good, the people are evil.
为官避事平生耻	Shame on officials
鱼和熊掌不可兼得	You can't have both fish and bear's paw.
大道之行也，天下为公。	When the great way is followed, all under heaven will be equal.
不义而富且贵，于我如浮云。	Unjust and rich and expensive, I am like a cloud.
君子喻于义。	A gentleman is a metaphor for righteousness.
言必行，行必果。	Words must be done, but deeds must be done.
德不孤，必有邻。	Germany is not alone, there must be neighbors.
人而无信，不可知其也。	No one can be trusted, nor can he know it.
欲知平直，则必准绳；欲知方圆，则必规矩。	If you want to know straight, you must be a yardstick.
新松恨不高千尺，恶竹应须斩万竿。	SIASUN hates thousands of feet.
勿以善小而不为，勿以恶小而为之。	Do not be good and small but not evil.
将教天下，必定其家，必正其身。	He will teach the world, and his family must be his own.
莫用三爷，废职亡家。	Do not use three masters to dispose of your family.
浇风易渐，淳化难归。	The wind is easy to escape, and Chunhua is hard to return.
为政以德	Rule by virtue
守土有责	Duty-bound to defend the territory of one's country.
欲事立，须是心立。	If you want to stand, you must be upright.
治天下也，必先公，公则天下平矣。	If we govern the world, we must first be public.
富者累巨万，而贫者食糟糠。	The rich make up tens of thousands, while the poor eat the chaff.
有上则有下，有此则有彼。	There are both upper and lower.
子钓而不纲，弋不射宿。	Children do not catch fish, but do not shoot.
治国有常，而利民为本。	Governing the country is constant and the interests of the people are the foundation.
不患寡而患不均，不患贫而患不安。	We must not suffer from widows and suffer from inequality.
老吾老以及人之老，幼吾幼以及人之幼。	Expand the respect of the aged in one's family to that of other families; expand the love of the young ones in one's family to that of other families.
知之愈明，则行之愈笃。	The more you know, the more you know.
穷理者欲知事物之所以然与其所当然者而已。	Poor people want to know that things are just as natural as they are.
非知之难，行之惟难	It is difficult to do without knowledge.
入山问樵，入水问渔。	He went to the mountains and asked the woodcutter.
穷则变，变则通，通则久。   Poverty changes, change changes, and the general rule lasts.
