空谈误国，实干兴邦	Empty talk about mistakes, hard work.
妄自菲薄、数典忘祖	From the meager, countless ancestors
令之不行，政之不立	Let it not work, the political will not stand
明镜所以照形，古事所以知今	The mirror is so shaped, the ancient things are known today.
志不立，天下无可成之事	Unsuccessful, the world can't do anything
功以才成，业由才广	Work is accomplished, industry is broad
己不正，焉能正人	I am not right, I can be a good person.
石可破也，而不可夺坚；丹可磨也，而不可夺赤	Stone can be broken, but not hard to win; Dan can also grind, not to win
水能载舟亦能覆舟	Water can also carry a boat
自知者英，自胜者雄	Self-awareness, self-victor
知其事而不度其时则败	Knowing things without losing time
操其要于上，而分其详于下	Fuck it up, and divide it into details
天地之大，黎元为本	The world is big, Li Yuan-based
图之于未萌，虑之于未有	The picture is not sprouting, considering that there is no
机者如神，难遇易失	The machine is like a god, it is difficult to lose
南辕北辙	Nanbei Beibei
叶公好龙	Ye Gong Haolong
立善法于天下，则天下治；立善法于一国，则一国治。	If the law is good in the world, then the world will be ruled; if the law is good in one country, then one country will be ruled.
天下之事，不难于立法，而难于法之必行	It’s not difficult to legislate in the world, but it’s hard to do it.
苟利于民不必法古，苟周于事不必循旧	If you don’t have to be a good person, you don’t have to follow the old days.
以至公无私之心，行正大光明之心	Even the heart of selflessness, the heart of the bright and the bright
郡县治，天下安	County rule, Tianxia
宰相起于州部，猛将发于卒伍	The prime minister started in the state department and was sent to the military
治绩大举，民称其德	Great achievements, the people call their virtues
衙斋卧听潇潇雨，疑是民间疾苦声。些小吾曹州县吏，一枝一叶总关情。	Hey Zhai is listening to the rain, and the suspect is the hardship of the people. Some Xiaowu Caozhou County, a total of one leaf and one leaf.
麻雀虽小，五脏俱全。	Small but complete.
官之至难者，令也。	The official is difficult, and the order is also.
善莫大于作忠。	Goodness is greater than being loyal.
山高皇帝远	Shan Gao Emperor
先天下之忧而忧，后天下之乐而乐。	The world is full of worries and worries, and the world is happy and happy.
民之所好好之，民之所恶恶之。	The people's place is good, the people are evil.
为官避事平生耻	For the officials to avoid things
鱼和熊掌不可兼得	You can not have it both ways
大道之行也，天下为公。	The trip to the avenue is also the world.
不义而富且贵，于我如浮云。	Unjust, rich and expensive, I am like a cloud.
君子喻于义。	Gentleman Yu Yuyi.
言必行，行必果。	Words must be done, and things must be done.
德不孤，必有邻。	If you are not alone, you must have a neighbor.
人而无信，不可知其也。	People do not believe, they do not know it.
欲知平直，则必准绳；欲知方圆，则必规矩。	If you want to know straight, you must be a rope; if you want to know the square, you must behave.
新松恨不高千尺，恶竹应须斩万竿。	Xinsong hates not a thousand feet, and the evil bamboo should be smashed.
勿以善小而不为，勿以恶小而为之。	Don't be small and don't do it. Don't be evil.
将教天下，必定其家，必正其身。	Will teach the world, must be their home, will be their own body.
莫用三爷，废职亡家。	Do not use the three masters, waste the dead family.
浇风易渐，淳化难归。	The pouring of the wind is easy, and it is difficult to return.
为政以德	Political and moral
守土有责	Be responsible for the soil
欲事立，须是心立。	If you want to stand up, you must be mindful.
治天下也，必先公，公则天下平矣。	In the rule of the world, it must be public, and the public will be flat.
富者累巨万，而贫者食糟糠。	The rich are tired and the poor are eating and drinking.
有上则有下，有此则有彼。	There are upper ones, and there are others.
子钓而不纲，弋不射宿。	The child does not catch the class, and does not stop.
治国有常，而利民为本。	Governing the country is always the same, and the people are oriented.
不患寡而患不均，不患贫而患不安。	Do not suffer from unequalness and suffer from uneasiness.
老吾老以及人之老，幼吾幼以及人之幼。	Little children.
知之愈明，则行之愈笃。	The more you know, the more you will do.
穷理者欲知事物之所以然与其所当然者而已。	Poor people want to know what the reason is and what they are.
非知之难，行之惟难	Unreasonable, difficult to do
入山问樵，入水问渔。	Ask into the mountains and ask for fish.
穷则变，变则通，通则久。	   When the poor is changed, the change is passed, and the general rule is long.
