空谈误国，实干兴邦	Empty talk would lead the country astray, and hard work can rejuvenate the nation.
妄自菲薄、数典忘祖	Forget one's ancestors.
令之不行，政之不立	No order, no government.
明镜所以照形，古事所以知今	The mirror is so shape-shaped, so the ancient things are known now.
志不立，天下无可成之事	Nothing in the world can be accomplished without the will of the people.
功以才成，业由才广	Work is accomplished with merit, but with a wide range of causes.
己不正，焉能正人	If you are not right, how can you be right?
石可破也，而不可夺坚；丹可磨也，而不可夺赤	Stone can be broken, but not hard; Dan can be ground, but not red.
水能载舟亦能覆舟	The water that bears the boat is the same that swallows it up.
自知者英，自胜者雄	The self-knowledge is the British, the self-winner is the male.
知其事而不度其时则败	To know and not to fail for the time being.
操其要于上，而分其详于下	Do it at the top, and divide it into the next.
天地之大，黎元为本	The earth and the earth are large, and Li Yuan is the foundation.
图之于未萌，虑之于未有	Pictures are not cute, but they are not.
机者如神，难遇易失	Opportunity is like God, difficult to encounter and easy to lose.
南辕北辙	o south by driving the chariot north -- act in a way that defeats one's purpose.
叶公好龙	Lord Ye professed to love dragons.
立善法于天下，则天下治；立善法于一国，则一国治。	When a good law is established in the world, the world governs; a country governs a good law in a country.
天下之事，不难于立法，而难于法之必行	The world's affairs are not difficult to legislate, but the law is difficult to do.
苟利于民不必法古，苟周于事不必循旧	The interests of the people do not have to be legalistic, but they do not have to follow the past.
以至公无私之心，行正大光明之心	With the most selfless heart, do the heart of justice and light
郡县治，天下安	County governance, the world is safe
宰相起于州部，猛将发于卒伍	The prime minister starts from the state department, and the prime minister begins with the pawn
治绩大举，民称其德	On a large scale, the people call it a virtue.
衙斋卧听潇潇雨，疑是民间疾苦声。些小吾曹州县吏，一枝一叶总关情。	Yu Zhai lies listening to Xiaoxiao rain, suspicion is folk pain. Some small Caozhou County officials, a leaf a total Guan.
麻雀虽小，五脏俱全。	Although sparrows are small, they have all the viscera.
官之至难者，令也。	He who is a victim of an official is ordered to do so.
善莫大于作忠。	Good is better than loyalty.
山高皇帝远	The mountain is high, the emperor far away -- it is difficult to get justice.
先天下之忧而忧，后天下之乐而乐。	Be concern about the country and the people before anything else.
民之所好好之，民之所恶恶之。	The place of the people is good, and the evil of the people.
为官避事平生耻	Be ashamed of being an official and avoiding things in oneundefineds life.
鱼和熊掌不可兼得	Fish and bear paws canundefinedt be both
大道之行也，天下为公。	When Great Way was implemented, the world was shared by people.
不义而富且贵，于我如浮云。	Unrighteousness and wealth and honour are like clouds to me.
君子喻于义。	A gentleman is a good name.
言必行，行必果。	Words must be done, deeds must bear fruit.
德不孤，必有邻。	Without solitude, there must be neighbors.
人而无信，不可知其也。	A man who has no faith knows not what he is.
欲知平直，则必准绳；欲知方圆，则必规矩。	If you want to know flatness, you must rule; if you want to know the circle, you must behave.
新松恨不高千尺，恶竹应须斩万竿。	Xinsong hate not high thousand feet, evil bamboo should be chopped ten thousand poles.
勿以善小而不为，勿以恶小而为之。	Donundefinedt give up doing good even if it doesnundefinedt matter, donundefinedt do bad even if itundefineds not obvious.
将教天下，必定其家，必正其身。	Will teach the world, certainly its home, will correct its body.
莫用三爷，废职亡家。	Donundefinedt use the third Master, dismiss the family.
浇风易渐，淳化难归。	It is easy to pour the wind, but difficult to return.
为政以德	exercising government by means of virtue
守土有责	duty-bound to defend the territory of oneundefineds country
欲事立，须是心立。	If you want to stand, you must stand with your heart.
治天下也，必先公，公则天下平矣。	Governing the world will be the first public, the public is the world is calm.
富者累巨万，而贫者食糟糠。	The rich are tired, but the poor eat bran.
有上则有下，有此则有彼。	There are up and down, there is one, there is another.
子钓而不纲，弋不射宿。	If you do not fish, you will not fly.
治国有常，而利民为本。	Governing a country is common, but benefiting the people is the basis.
不患寡而患不均，不患贫而患不安。	We do not suffer from poverty but from inequality, nor do we suffer from poverty and uneasiness.
老吾老以及人之老，幼吾幼以及人之幼。	Old and old, young and young.
知之愈明，则行之愈笃。	The more you know, the better you will act.
穷理者欲知事物之所以然与其所当然者而已。	The poor man wants to know why things are so natural.
非知之难，行之惟难。	It is difficult not to know, but difficult to do
入山问樵，入水问渔。	Go into the mountains to ask firewood, into the water to ask fish.
穷则变，变则通，通则久。    The poor will change, the change will pass, and the general will be long.
