空谈误国，实干兴邦	Empty talk harms the country, while hard work makes it flourish.
妄自菲薄、数典忘祖	We must not underestimate ourselves and should cherish the best of our traditions and culture.
令之不行，政之不立	If decrees are not obeyed, government affairs will be mismanaged.
明镜所以照形，古事所以知今	Looking at the mirror we know about ourselves; reflecting on the past we know what to do now.
志不立，天下无可成之事	Without resolve, one can accomplish nothing.
功以才成，业由才广	Feats are accomplished by capable people; work develops because of achievers.
己不正，焉能正人	How can one correct others if he himself is not upright?
石可破也，而不可夺坚；丹可磨也，而不可夺赤	A rock can be smashed, but its pieces will still be hard; cinnabar can be ground, but its powder will still be red.
水能载舟亦能覆舟	The same water that keeps a ship afloat can also sink it.
自知者英，自胜者雄	Heroes are those who know themselves and can  surpass themselves.
知其事而不度其时则败	You are bound to fail if you only know what to do but without knowing the situation.
操其要于上，而分其详于下	Leaders chart the course while the people get the job done.
天地之大，黎元为本		In a coutry, the people are the most inportant.
图之于未萌，虑之于未有	Nip the problem in the bud when it is in the making; prepare yourself for the risks yet to emrge.
机者如神，难遇易失		Opportunities are rare and hard to grasp, and easy to lose.
南辕北辙		A false path will lead us to the very opposite of what we are trying to accomplish.
叶公好龙		feign support instead of taking real ation
立善法于天下，则天下治；立善法于一国，则一国治 	When the law of the land under heaven is good, there will be order in the land under heaven; when the laws of the state are good, there will be order in the state.
天下之事，不难于立法，而难于法之必行	The greatest challenge for a country lies not in making laws, but in putting those laws into effect.
苟利于民不必法古，苟周于事不必循旧	If it is good for the people, there is no need to follow the practices of antiquity; if it serves the matter at hand, there is no need to observe the conventions of old.
以至公无私之心，行正大光明之心	Do honest and upright things justly, selflessly, and conscientiously.
郡县治，天下安	When the countries are governed, the country is at peace.
宰相起于州部，猛将发于卒伍	Prime ministers must have  served as local officials, and great generals must have risen from the ranks.
治绩大举，民称其德	Wang achieved remarkable results in governance and was widely praised by the people.
衙斋卧听潇潇雨，疑是民间疾苦声。些小吾曹州县吏，一枝一叶总关情。	When I hear the rustles of bamboo leaves ourside mu study, I feel it is the wails of hungry people; for petty county officials like us, every concern of the people wights in our heart.
麻雀虽小，五脏俱全	It may be small, but it has everything needed.
官之至难者，令也	The most difficult office was that of a magistrate.
善莫大于作忠	The greatest virtue is none other than loyalty.
山高皇帝远	In many coutries far away from the center, when higher-level supervision is distant.
先天下之忧而忧，后天下之乐而乐	be the first to worry about state affairs and the last to enjoy yourselves. 
民之所好好之，民之所恶恶之	Choose to do the things that the people want to be done, and avoid doing things that the people disapprove of.
为官避事平生耻	Avoiding responsibilities is the greatest disgrace for an official.
鱼和熊掌不可兼得	You cannot have your cake and eat it.
大道之行也，天下为公	When the Great Way rules, the land under Heaven belongs to the people.
不义而富且贵，于我如浮云	Fortune and riches obtained through unjust means are like floating clouds for me.
君子喻于义	A man of virtue has a good knowledge of vighteousness.
言必行，行必果	Be true in word and resolute in deed.
德不孤，必有邻	A man of high moral quality will never feel lonely.
人而无信，不可知其也	If a man does not keep his word, what is he good for?
欲知平直，则必准绳；欲知方圆，则必规矩		Nothing can be accomplished without regulations and rules.
新松恨不高千尺，恶竹应须斩万竿	Young pines should grow a thousand feet high, while poisoning bamboos should be cut down one by one.
勿以善小而不为，勿以恶小而为之	Do not consider any virtue as unimportant, and therefore neglect it; do not consider any vice as trivial, and therefore practice it.
将教天下，必定其家，必正其身		He who would govern the country must first run his family well and discipline himself. 
莫用三爷，废职亡家		Give close kin official posts and lose your job and ruin your family.
浇风易渐，淳化难归		It is easy for laxity to set in, and difficult for rigor to return.
为政以德	Governance by means of virtue.
守土有责	Responsibility for one's jurisdiction.
欲事立，须是心立	To win, one must become resolute first.
治天下也，必先公，公则天下平矣	To govern the country, the priority is to realize equality, and then stability will follow.
富者累巨万，而贫者食糟糠	The huge gap between the rich and poor.
有上则有下，有此则有彼	Everything has its counterpart.
子钓而不纲，弋不射宿	The master fished with a line but not with a net; when following he did not aim at a roosting bird.
治国有常，而利民为本	There are some fixed principles in governing a state, among which benefiting the people should be the root.
不患寡而患不均，不患贫而患不安	He is not concerned lest his people should be poor, but only lest what they have should be ill-apportioned. He is not concerned lest they should be few, but only lest they should be divided against one another.
老吾老以及人之老，幼吾幼以及人之幼。	Do reverence to the elders in your own family and extend it to those in other families; show loving care to the young in your own family and extend it to those in other families.
知之愈明，则行之愈笃	A clearer understanding of new concepts makes actions stronger and more targeted.
穷理者欲知事物之所以然与其所当然者而已		When seeking knowledge, one must know why and how.
非知之难，行之惟难		It is not knowledge but action that is difficult to acquire.
入山问樵，入水问渔		We should apply different methods to solve different issues.
穷则变，变则通，通则久	Limitations lead to change; changes lead to solutions; solutions lead to development.
