空谈误国，实干兴邦	Empty talk makes the country prosperous.
妄自菲薄、数典忘祖	Forget your ancestors
令之不行，政之不立	Make no good of it.
明镜所以照形，古事所以知今	The mirror is light, and the ancient events know the present.
志不立，天下无可成之事	Nothing can be done if you do not set your mind on the world.
功以才成，业由才广	Merit is what you do, and industry is what you do.
己不正，焉能正人	How can you be upright if you are not right?
石可破也，而不可夺坚；丹可磨也，而不可夺赤	Stone can be broken, but not strong, Dan, can wear, but not win.
水能载舟亦能覆舟	Water can carry a boat and it can restore it.
自知者英，自胜者雄	A man who knows himself, a man who wins.
知其事而不度其时则败	To know what is going on, but to fail at the moment.
操其要于上，而分其详于下	To be above and below.
天地之大，黎元为本	Li yuan is the foundation of the world.
图之于未萌，虑之于未有	A picture is not seen, but a thought is not seen.
机者如神，难遇易失	A man of opportunity is like a God.
南辕北辙	Going south by driving the chariot north.
叶公好龙	Professed love of what one actually fears.
立善法于天下，则天下治；立善法于一国，则一国治。	To make good laws in the world, the world rule; A good law is governed by one country.
天下之事，不难于立法，而难于法之必行	Things in the world are not difficult to legislate, but difficult to act.
苟利于民不必法古，苟周于事不必循旧	One does not have to follow a beaten path if he wishes to benefit the peoples; you don’t have to stay the same.
以至公无私之心，行正大光明之心	To act in a spirit of impartiality and integrity.
郡县治，天下安	County rule, the world is safe.
宰相起于州部，猛将发于卒伍	The prime minister rises from the state department and sends a fierce attack on the state.
治绩大举，民称其德	The people call it virtue.
衙斋卧听潇潇雨，疑是民间疾苦声。些小吾曹州县吏，一枝一叶总关情。	I am afraid that the sound of the rain is the voice of the people. Some small county officials Can Zhou, a branch of a leaf is always concerned about the situation.
麻雀虽小，五脏俱全。	The sparrow may be small but it has all the vital organs.
官之至难者，令也。	The most important thing for an official is to make an order.
善莫大于作忠。	Good is better than faithful.
山高皇帝远	The mountains are high and the emperor is far away.
先天下之忧而忧，后天下之乐而乐。	To enjoy only after the people can enjoy.
民之所好好之，民之所恶恶之。	The good of the people, the evil of the people.
为官避事平生耻	Avoid trouble for an official.
鱼和熊掌不可兼得	You can't have both the fish and the bear's paw.
大道之行也，天下为公。	The road is open to the public.
不义而富且贵，于我如浮云。	Unjust and rich and expensive, like clouds over me.
君子喻于义。	A gentleman is a metaphor for righteousness.
言必行，行必果。	Keep what you say and carry out what you do.
德不孤，必有邻。	Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practises it will have neighbors.
人而无信，不可知其也。	A man without faith is not known.
欲知平直，则必准绳；欲知方圆，则必规矩。	If you want to know how to be straight, you must be certain. If you want to know everything, you must behave.
新松恨不高千尺，恶竹应须斩万竿。	Xinsong hates not to be a thousand feet tall, and the evil bamboo should be beheaded.
勿以善小而不为，勿以恶小而为之。	Don't fail to do good even if it's small; don't engage in evil even if it's small.
将教天下，必定其家，必正其身。	He who will teach the world must have his home and his body.
莫用三爷，废职亡家。	Don't use the third Lord, you will lose your job and your family.
浇风易渐，淳化难归。	It is easy to pour the wind, but it is hard to return it.
为政以德	Govern with the power of virtue.
守土有责	Keep one's ground.
欲事立，须是心立。	To stand, one must stand with one's heart.
治天下也，必先公，公则天下平矣。	If you rule the world, you must rule first, while the public is equal.
富者累巨万，而贫者食糟糠。	The rish are a great deal tired, the poor a great deal chaff.
有上则有下，有此则有彼。	There are above and there are below, and so there are others.
子钓而不纲，弋不射宿。	You can't catch fish, you can't shoot.
治国有常，而利民为本。	The country is always run by the people, but the interests of the people are the foundation.
不患寡而患不均，不患贫而患不安。	There is no wealth but inequality, and there is no poverty but insecurity.
老吾老以及人之老，幼吾幼以及人之幼。	Charity begins at home.
知之愈明，则行之愈笃。	The more you know, the more you do.
穷理者欲知事物之所以然与其所当然者而已。	A poor man whats to know what is and what is.
非知之难，行之惟难	It is difficult to do something without knowing it.
入山问樵，入水问渔。	Go into the mountains and ask about the fish.
穷则变，变则通，通则久。    If you are poor, you will change; if you are poor, you will change; if you are poor, you will change.
