空谈误国，实干兴邦	Empty talk spoils the country
妄自菲薄、数典忘祖	Self-abase, several classic forget ancestors
令之不行，政之不立	If it cannot be done, it will be politically impossible
明镜所以照形，古事所以知今	That is why the mirror is shaped
志不立，天下无可成之事	Nothing is impossible to a willing heart
功以才成，业由才广	Success comes from success
己不正，焉能正人	He who does not do right will not do right
石可破也，而不可夺坚；丹可磨也，而不可夺赤	A stone may be broken, but not taken from its hold; Dan may mill, but not rob
水能载舟亦能覆舟	Water can carry a boat or overturn it
自知者英，自胜者雄	He who knows himself knows himself
知其事而不度其时则败	To know what is right and not to do it at the right time is to fail
操其要于上，而分其详于下	Hold its to want at top, and cent its detail at bottom
天地之大，黎元为本	Li yuan is the origin of the universe
图之于未萌，虑之于未有	The picture is not cute, the worry is not
机者如神，难遇易失	Opportunities are like gods
南辕北辙	Ladies'
叶公好龙	False respect
立善法于天下，则天下治；立善法于一国，则一国治。	Establish a good law in the world, the world governance; A good law in a country governs it.
天下之事，不难于立法，而难于法之必行	It is not difficult to legislate, but difficult to carry out the law
苟利于民不必法古，苟周于事不必循旧	If the people do not need legalism, if the things in the week do not need to follow the old
以至公无私之心，行正大光明之心	As well as selfless heart, the heart of fairness and justice
郡县治，天下安	County governance, world peace
宰相起于州部，猛将发于卒伍	Prime minister from the state department, will be issued at the pawn wu
治绩大举，民称其德	The people call it virtue
衙斋卧听潇潇雨，疑是民间疾苦声。些小吾曹州县吏，一枝一叶总关情。	ya zhai lying listening to drizzling rain, is suspected of civil suffering. Small me cao state county official, a leaf total close situation.
麻雀虽小，五脏俱全。	The sparrow is as small as its wings.
官之至难者，令也。	In the face of the crisis, it is imperative for the government to deal with it.
善莫大于作忠。	Kindness is better than loyalty.
山高皇帝远	The mountains are high and the emperor is far away
先天下之忧而忧，后天下之乐而乐。	First the world of sorrow and sorrow, after the world of joy and joy
民之所好好之，民之所恶恶之。	Where the people are good, the people are evil.
为官避事平生耻	He is ashamed to be an official
鱼和熊掌不可兼得	You cannot have your cake and eat it
大道之行也，天下为公。	Road trip, the world is public.
不义而富且贵，于我如浮云。	Injustice and riches and riches are to me as clouds.
君子喻于义。	A gentleman is a metaphor for righteousness
言必行，行必果。	Deeds are what words are.
德不孤，必有邻。	Virtue is not isolated, there must be neighbors.
人而无信，不可知其也。	It is impossible to know the man without faith.
欲知平直，则必准绳；欲知方圆，则必规矩。	If you want to be straight, you must use a plumb line. If you want to know a square, you must behave yourself.
新松恨不高千尺，恶竹应须斩万竿。	Hsin song hate is not high thousand feet, the evil bamboo should be cut ten thousand rod.
勿以善小而不为，勿以恶小而为之。	Do not do what is good but small, and do not do what is evil but small.
将教天下，必定其家，必正其身。	Will teach the world, must be its home, will be its body.
莫用三爷，废职亡家。	Don't use your third uncle.
浇风易渐，淳化难归。	Pouring wind easy gradually, chun hua is difficult to return.
为政以德	Governing with
守土有责	Between staying a duty
欲事立，须是心立。	To be upright, one must be upright in heart.
治天下也，必先公，公则天下平矣。	Rule the world, will first public, public world peace.
富者累巨万，而贫者食糟糠。	The rich are tired, but the poor eat the chaff.
有上则有下，有此则有彼。	There is up and there is down, there is this and there is that.
子钓而不纲，弋不射宿。	Son fishing and not gang, never shoot night.
治国有常，而利民为本。	Rule the country regularly and put the people first.
不患寡而患不均，不患贫而患不安。	Do not worry about less and uneven, do not worry about poverty and unrest.
老吾老以及人之老，幼吾幼以及人之幼。	Old and old as well as the old, young and my young as well as the young.
知之愈明，则行之愈笃。	The more you know, the more you do.
穷理者欲知事物之所以然与其所当然者而已。	The unreasonable wants to know the reason why things are what they are.
非知之难，行之惟难	It is not difficult to know but difficult to do
入山问樵，入水问渔。	He who enters the mountain asks the firewood, enters the water asks the fish.
穷则变，变则通，通则久。    Poverty leads to change, change leads to prosperity, and prosperity leads to longevity.
